this is what I call the wall of sound
and this case right here is my special
case this case has all of my UK imports
and a couple Australian but mostly UK
imports in it all of this stuff to me
man I don't know if you guys collect
anything at all but this is some of my
favorite stuff not only because of the
music with on it because of where it
came from who it came from maybe it was
a gift maybe it was something that I i
bought when i was traveling but this is
my special stuff right here and the
reason I'm showing you this is because
I've been looking for an excuse to show
you this here's all in the glass case
I'm a heavy smoker so I don't want this
stuff to get all goofed up like this
stuff does so I'm just going to pull one
out here said now 42 in the reason I'm
doing this is because I promised some
folks over at mixing on beat and on
youtube that i would go ahead and talk a
little bit about weddings and how to
handle it one gentleman is from Canada
and he is into hip hop and house and
bhangra man that stuff is awesome the
indie and stuff I love it I'd love to
get more of it my collection because
that new stuff that's happening right
now is fantastic and I'm into it and I
love to watch and dance to it the
dancing is like nothing you've ever seen
if you've never seen like some Indian
dancing check it out man it is cool
stuff anyhow I want to talk about some
music for like weddings and bars they're
kind of the same really because when
you're doing bar gigs you're not
necessarily beat mixing and things like
that my philosophy is keep it familiar
okay keep it fun and keep those requests
always going me and always ask for
requests a couple really important
things you should have with you
compilations like this like the now
series this is the UK series but there's
one in America too and there's a
I think there's Canada's got one these
are great you can do a lot of these for
some of your real current tracks you
know I'll alternately okay you could do
this this is promo only this is what
I've been using since 1997 okay I've
been a subscriber for that long this is
the mainstream radio series awesome just
awesome all the tracks that i need every
month for all of my mobile gigs or any
bar gigs that i might do they're all
right here very little that i miss you
know that comes through the top 40
charts if it's not on here I really
probably don't even need it so I don't
do a lot of CD buying any more lessons
for my own pleasure this is the kind of
stuff that I get in the mail and it's
it's a fantastic service if you guys
have any access to promo only in your
country I know cannabis got one I don't
know what's going on in the in the
Middle East and Dubai but because that
other gentleman DJ mx3 is from or he
lives in Dubai he's from the Philippines
but I don't know what's happening there
with the subscription music services for
DJ only stuff but homo only is tops como
only com you can go there and you can
see if your countries represented what
the price is there's a contract involved
but any too bad you get into it it's a
good deal another thing I highly
recommend and these are kind of tough to
come by sometimes a DJ only a kind of
party favorite classic kind of sets this
one here is DJ tools I have DJ tools
volume 1 through 10 they did this set
all the way through 20 but I never got
the rest are 22 I believe I never got
the rest of them I just have one through
ten here and it's like you know you
shook me all night long by ac/dc and
stroke and Clarence Carter or the twist
tequila la Bamba you know your wedding
processional recessional you know all
kinds of stuff on there you know pretty
much a most
things that you would ever need to do a
wedding and many of the songs that you
would also need to do a really fun bar
gig for an older crowd so those are a
couple the ideas I got for you guys a
couple of the things that you could look
into buying a lot of times ebay is a
great place to go to find these kind of
collections like this question here
actually these people they got shut down
this is a highly illegal a bootleg copy
right infringement situation but like
mobilebeat that's all legit you can go
through that promo only as legit and of
course the commercial things are the the
consumer things like now those series
are all legit as well so I I hope that
I've shed a little light on that for you
folks just remember whatever you do when
you're doing a wedding or a bar okay
with with an older age group or mixed
age group keep it familiar don't try to
show off with your mixing skills so much
concentrate on the request concentrate
on making sure that everybody at that
party gets a little something you know
make sure that the kids get something
make sure that grandpa gets something
and you're going to mostly concentrate
on you know whatever the mast crowd is
you know like if it's mostly people in
their 20s and they want to hear hip hop
and dance music well sure okay but don't
forget about the other people at the
party too you know it's their party as
well you know just as it is anyone elses
so give everybody a little submit every
party you do and I hope this was useful
to you I promise the video and this is a
bit of a crap one but here you go and if
you have any questions email me if you'd
like to or shoot me a message Brian s
right at hotmail com and anytime
anybody's got a question shoot it out to
me or post a youtube response and man
i'll do my best to get back to you in
any way I can help if I can't help you
I'll shoot it somebody else and Jonathan
I want you to do a video on this to do a
vid on this for the UK because things
are a little different over there I want
to see it bro I'll talk to you soon